   Me and Slater just hit a curb Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D Made a couple thousands turds spitting written verbs Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs   Me? I'm from the slums Niggas who push a ton Ton of drums With foul flow, dirty mouth like kissing bums Mama done made her one Uhm, a witty son With no respect for women, so show me your titties hun (What?) You eighteen? Me? I'm twenty-somethin' Okay I'm twenty, but I'm soon to be twenty-one I wild out at shows, break shit, it should be fun Venues are like pussy with me, "Should he come?" I'mma wax that Like the Chapstick in my backpack For my black lips Then dip to Europe and come back with a stack of cheese A stack of cheese for these rats That Mac and Cheese New 'Preme shit got me feeling flyer than a bag of bees Fuck critics ("How's your dick?") Shit, how's your knees? Y'all on my dick more than my index when I take a pee I came up with ''Rella'', ain't touch a bag of weed Shit was doper than Whitney Houston's needs Golf Wang That's the team to be, ay Getting T.U O.F., indeed We was missing Sweatshirt, like "Where's the hooded sleeve?" Okay, nevermind, we found him   Me and Slater just hit a curb Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D Made a couple thousands turds spitting written verbs Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs   Guess I win Checks started cashing in I stop rapping and start asking Where my fucking passion is Probably where that faggot went (Who?) Tyler talking father problems Shocking shit he spit to popping topics In them gossip columns I ain't ask for this, I did it out of boredom Thought that roach was cool He died and pushed me into stardom Now; Ye's, PJs Sipping leche Chips Ahoy, boy Listening to Cowboy, ay boy Land in Melbourne and skate to Fitzroy (Ay) AUS was Awes', I enjoyed, boy Y'all niggas played as a tot's toy Have a good day as I annoy, oi   Me and Slater just hit a curb Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D Made a couple thousands turds spitting written verbs Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs   Cameras with panorama Views My shoes Have seen more Vans than Mexicanas Or crackers in Alabama G-O-to-the-L-F This O.F I opened up a store so I don't stress But nigga, I (What) Mosh in gardens Jazz punk shit Playing chords, making up shit Pardon my Dolly Partons And I keep sharting Hoodies with rectangles and different colors Niggas think I started kindergarten   My bitch is on my handle bars (I just wanna ride my bike) Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater My bitch is on my handle bars Hair blowing in the wind Her freckles look like candy bars Hair blowing in the wind My bitch is on my handle bars (I just wanna ride my bike) Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater My bitch is on my handle bars Hair blowing in the wind Her freckles look like candy bars My cool summer never ends Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater   Oh my God, seriously? Mister cool guy You're talking to a fucking bike, loser Ha ha, Ohh... Fuck  